https://www.apple.com/app-store::app store - apple apple store mac ipad iphone watch vision airpods tv & home entertainment accessories support 0+ app store local nav open menu local nav close menu about the app store developing for the app store open the app open the app app store the apps you love. from a place you can trust. for over a decade, the app store has proved to be a safe and trusted place to discover and download apps. but the app store is more than just a storefront ? it?s an innovative destination focused on bringing you amazing experiences. and a big part of those experiences is ensuring that the apps we offer are held to the highest standards for privacy, security, and content. because we offer nearly two million apps ? and we want you to feel good about using every single one of them. designed for discovery. stories and collections that inform, help, and inspire. updated daily. more about stories and collections that inform, help, and inspire. updated daily. stories and collections that inform, help, and inspire. updated daily. original stories by our editorial team bring you everything from exclusive world premieres to behind-the-scenes interviews. tap the today tab and read about influential developers and game creators, learn a few tips and tricks, or see how apps are changing how people work, play, and live. visit the today tab over 20k stories and counting. curated by experts. handpicked for you. more about curated by experts. handpicked for you. curated by experts. handpicked for you. with thousands of apps added to the app store every week, there?s always something new to check out. to help you discover the apps, stories, and games you?re sure to love, our team of full-time editors offers personalized suggestions based on your preferences and previous purchases. stream jungle cruise today on disney+* new explore in-app events like movie premieres, gaming competitions, and livestreams. more about explore in-app events like movie premieres, gaming competitions, and livestreams. explore in-app events like movie premieres, gaming competitions, and livestreams. discover events on the today, games, and apps tabs on the app store. or find them via search and on app product pages. discover amazing apps with a rich search experience. more about discover amazing apps with a rich search experience. discover amazing apps with a rich search experience. our comprehensive search feature offers suggestions and helpful hints, and provides results with in?line video previews, editorial stories, tips and tricks, and lists. 1.8m apps available worldwide. 175 storefronts in over 40 languages. over 150 expert editors worldwide. get the details on every app. more about get the details on every app. get the details on every app. app product pages give you the information you need when deciding what to download. from more videos to rankings and reviews, there are loads of ways to help you pick the app that?s right for you. privacy and security. built into everything we do. security for every app. at every level. more about security for every app. at every level. security for every app. at every level. we ensure that apps come from known sources, are free of known malware, and haven?t been tampered with at the time of installation or launch. 100% of apps are automatically screened for known malware. over 16k apps use apple health technologies like healthkit, carekit, and researchkit designed to protect patient privacy. you choose what data to share. and with whom. more about you choose what data to share. and with whom. you choose what data to share. and with whom. each app is required to ask for your permission so you can choose what data to share. the first time a third?party app wants to access your information ? like your location, contacts, calendars, or photos ? you receive an alert. even if you grant access once, you can revoke it later. we also ensure that apps are denied access to certain sensitive data on your device, are unable to modify your device or os, and are prohibited from obtaining complete access to your data. over 215k submissions rejected last year for violating privacy guidelines. apps can?t pull your data from other apps. more about apps can?t pull your data from other apps. apps can?t pull your data from other apps. system-level protections prevent an app from accessing data from other apps without your explicit permission. dedicated to trust and safety. apps must adhere to our guidelines. more about apps must adhere to our guidelines. apps must adhere to our guidelines. when you download an app, it should work as promised. which is why human app reviewers ensure that the apps on the app store adhere to our strict app review standards. our app store review guidelines require apps to be safe, provide a good user experience, comply with our privacy rules, secure devices from malware and threats, and use approved business models. learn more about the app store review guidelines every week, over 500 dedicated experts around the world review over 100k apps. over 1m submissions rejected for objectionable, harmful, unsafe, or illegal content. you should never have to worry about inappropriate content. more about you should never have to worry about inappropriate content. you should never have to worry about inappropriate content. we strongly support all points of view being represented on the app store. but we also take steps to make sure apps are respectful to users with differing opinions, and we reject apps with any content or behavior that we believe is over the line ? especially when it puts children at risk. every app has an assigned age rating, so parents can determine what is appropriate for their children. no surprise purchases. more about no surprise purchases. no surprise purchases. apps must follow an approved business model and clearly show you the price, tell you what you get with your purchase, and explain subscription-renewal terms up front. apple sends a receipt each time you use our in?app purchase feature, and you can also view those purchases and subscriptions in your account. so you won?t get bills out of the blue. every day, moderators review worldwide app store charts for quality and accuracy. in 2020, we removed over 80m user reviews that were considered spam. we have removed over 2.3m apps because they haven?t been updated or don?t work on our latest os releases. hardware and software. powering amazing experiences together by design. apps help unlock the full potential of your apple devices. more about apps help unlock the full potential of your apple devices. apps help unlock the full potential of your apple devices. apple products use industry-leading technology to bring apps to life ? so you can experience more of the amazing things your devices are capable of. thanks to hardware and software designed to work together, you get more out of your apps ? from things you take for granted, like supersmooth scrolling, to seeing how a new sofa might look in your living room before you buy it. we help app developers take advantage of our latest hardware technologies. more about we help app developers take advantage of our latest hardware technologies. we help app developers take advantage of our latest hardware technologies. we give developers the tools and support to build cutting?edge technologies into their apps right away ? which means they?re yours to enjoy right away. like when an app uses face id or touch id for secure access ? while keeping the underlying authentication data from your face or fingerprint private. or when a game controller syncs up easily with a new game on your iphone. and with our innovations in augmented reality and machine learning, you?ll be seeing even more amazing features in the years to come. download with confidence. make any app yours. instantly. more about make any app yours. instantly. make any app yours. instantly. our world?class distribution platforms reach over 1.5 billion devices worldwide, allowing users to buy and download apps without lags or drags. when you download a universal app on one device, it automatically appears on your other devices. and if you upgrade to a new device, your apps go with you ? no need to redownload as long as your apps stay up to date. over 900k apps have secure payment technologies like apple pay and storekit for goods and services. purchase safely and securely. more about purchase safely and securely. purchase safely and securely. app store purchases are safe and simple, so you can start playing, gaming, reading ? or just doing ? right away. create a secure account with your preferred payment method on file and it?s easily accessible across your devices and the web. your account is protected by two?factor authentication, ensuring that the only person who can access your account is you ? even if someone else knows your password. and more than 250,000 apps tap into the advanced technologies of touch id and face id built right into your devices, giving you an additional layer of security. problem with an app? easily report it from the app store. more about problem with an app? easily report it from the app store. problem with an app? easily report it from the app store. in the unlikely event that you have a problem, you can report it directly from the app product page on the app store. need a refund? applecare has your back. more about need a refund? applecare has your back. need a refund? applecare has your back. visit apple support online or use the apple support app to request a refund for app store purchases. more than 4b apps distributed each day from data centers running on 100% renewable energy. over 195 local payment methods and 45 currencies supported. check out what?s happening on the app store. visit the app store visit the app store news about the app store. see all newsroom articles apple footer * disney+ subscription required. must be at least 18 to subscribe. ? apple app store shop and learn shop and learn + store mac ipad iphone watch vision airpods tv & home airtag accessories gift cards apple wallet apple wallet + wallet apple card apple pay apple cash account account + manage your apple id apple store account icloud.com entertainment entertainment + apple one apple tv+ apple music apple arcade apple fitness+ apple news+ apple podcasts apple books app store apple store apple store + find a store genius bar today at apple apple camp apple store app certified refurbished apple trade in financing carrier deals at apple order status shopping help for business for business + apple and business shop for business for education for education + apple and education shop for k-12 shop for college for healthcare for healthcare + apple in healthcare health on apple watch health records on iphone for government for government + shop for government shop for veterans and military apple values apple values + accessibility education environment inclusion and diversity privacy racial equity and justice supplier responsibility about apple about apple + newsroom apple leadership career opportunities investors ethics & compliance events contact apple more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple. united states copyright ? 2023 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map
